Previously on
"Superman and Lois"...
- You're Superman.
- Keep everything
I just told you a secret.
- Yeah, of course.
- Oh, my God!
- Sarah and George Jr.,
they were
almost in this car wreck,
so I flew in
to try to save them,
but I think George might
have seen me after.
Whatever Junior thinks
he saw, we can deal with later.
You and Bruno
killed Boss Moxie,
and you used Luthor
as your fall guy.
Setting him free would be
the biggest mistake
of your life.
Having a bilateral
mastectomy is scary,
but I will get
the surgery done right.
I couldn't have gone through
this surgery without you.
I'm gonna do everything I can
to take the best care of you.
They say
time heals all wounds.
It's a nice idea.
At least I used to think so.
The truth is
a little more complicated.
Healing is a full-time job,
and throughout the process,
you're never quite yourself.
All you want is to be better,
but that will only come
once you pay the price:
time.
What no one tells you, though,
is how much time
it's gonna take.
How long until you heal.
How long
until you feel normal again,
until you get
your confidence back.
You're not sure
you ever will, fully.
And it feels
like an injustice.
But at some point,
you have to decide
that who you are now,
it's gonna have to be enough.
There's still no update.
Luthor's legal team has had
Bruno's confession for weeks.
I thought for sure
we'd know something by now.
The minute
they overturn that conviction,
Luthor's gonna go free.
Lois, you were right
to publish the article.
Whether I was right or not
doesn't really matter.
I'm one of the people
Lex blames.
Look, if when he's released
he becomes a problem,
I'll deal with it.
It's not if,
it's when, Clark.
What Peia said about him
being the devil, she's right.
We need to get ahead of this,
maybe go through our old files,
see if we can find anything.
- Okay, babe, I just--
I don't want you
pushing yourself too hard
'cause you're still recovering.
Luthor has been in prison
for almost two decades,
no doubt stewing
over how to get even.
If there was ever a time
to push myself,
it's right now,
because he's coming after us.
I just received word
from your attorneys.
Judge Regan has made
her ruling.
Gather my things.
I'm a free man.
Why won't you
just talk to me about it?
I don't want to talk
about this anymore, Junior.
I want to forget that accident
ever happened and move on.
Yeah, I get it, but it wasn't
Superman who saved us, Sarah.
Okay, if it wasn't, so what?
So that means there's someone
else out there with powers,
and I think
people should know that.
What are you gonna do,
a podcast or something?
No.
I did an interview, though.
- At the "Gazette"?
- Uh-uh. Way bigger.
Yo, Junior.
Tell them what you told us
in trig this morning.
Whatever, Wellnitz.
No, I'm not gonna
make fun of you, I swear.
It was nothing.
It was just--
I think whoever saved
me and Sarah is our age.
I mean, he had goggles on,
some sort of weird hoodie.
Goggles?
You didn't say anything before
about goggles.
Probably just to hide
their identity.
He wasn't.
Such a joke.
Maybe Junior's right.
Maybe there is someone
out there our age.
If so,
guy's a total badass, right?
But goggles, though?
I can't get past
safety goggles.
Has Chrissy organized
all the Luthor files?
She texted me earlier.
She's still sick.
Are you sure you want
to go to the "Gazette"?
I appreciate it, honey,
but we need to do this.
Hey, Janet.
- Hey, Lois. Have a sec?
I got a lead
that's sort of in the old
Lois Lane "Daily Planet"
territory.
Is this about Luthor?
Foswell gave that story
to Simone.
It's about someone
with powers.
- Superman?
- Someone new.
Sounds like a kid.
Saved two teenagers
in Smallville
a couple weeks back.
You heard anything about this?
- Not really.
Did one of the teenagers
get in touch with you?
Yeah. This story feels huge.
And since you were the first
person to report on Superman,
I was hoping
I could pick your brain.
Sure.
What do you need to know?
I don't want to hear
about any more supply issues.
I'm gonna hold you to that.
Looks like you're having
the same kind of day I am.
- Worse.
- You want to talk about it?
It's about Jordan.
Honey.
It's gonna take some time.
What?
No.
It's not about us, it's--
if he doesn't want to talk
to me, fine, whatever, grow up.
But he was talking about
the whole superhero thing
at school today.
- What?
- He was bragging about it.
He said
that if there was someone
that saved me and Junior,
that that person is a hero.
Jordan said that?
I've been carrying around
this secret for months,
worried that I was gonna say
the wrong thing
at the wrong time.
I lied to dad, to Junior,
to everyone all for him,
and then he just goes
and brags about it
to Wellnitz's dumb ass.
It is not okay
that he's doing this.
No.
If he doesn't care
about his secret,
then I shouldn't either.
Lex, do you still plan
on appealing?
Judge Regan sentenced you
to seven life sentences
with no chance of parole.
How are you feeling?
Is your wife gonna
take control of LexCorp?
- Statement?
- Prisoner coming through.
Wasn't easy,
but I did as you requested.
The press won't be
alerted of your release
until later today.
Sure you don't need anything,
Mr. Luthor?
A ride, maybe?
Just make sure Otis arrives
at the time discussed.
Uh, yes, sir.
Hey, give me
some of that Bazoombas.
Hey, you mind passing
those cheesy tots, Tamera?
Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
Are you even old enough
to go in this place?
Hey, kid.
You forgot my sandwich.
Oh, I'm pretty sure
I ordered it.
Well, it's not in there,
so you need to go back
and get it.
No, just let the kid
finish his meal, huh?
Screw that.
He messed up my order.
No, it's okay. I'll get it.
No.
I say we're gonna let the kid
finish his meal, Park.
Why are you babying this kid?
A few weeks ago,
you wanted to fire him,
and now he's getting
a free pass?
Go, get my food.
No, you're not
going anywhere.
All right,
and just so we're all clear,
I'm not a fan
of this hazing crap.
Whatever. Screw this.
Yeah, you're done
for the day.
Go home.
I'm sorry, that's on me.
I should have
double-checked his order.
No, no, listen.
Park is way out of line,
all right?
I'll talk to him
over his next shift,
but you just keep doing
what you're doing.
Make your old man proud, huh?
Usually I can
cover our tracks.
Wipe a photo here,
discredit a story there.
But when Jordan rescued
those kids from that accident,
he let himself be seen.
And now George Jr.
won't shut up about it.
Which is why
your "Daily Planet" pal
has been calling the DOD,
wanting a comment
on the record.
I trained Janet myself.
Trust your gut.
Never drop a lead.
It's like I gave her
the Cliffs Notes
on how to ruin our lives.
She's gonna publish soon.
How do we fix this?
Only one option makes sense.
You gotta put the kibosh
on Jordan.
Starting right now,
no more saves,
not until this all dies down.
Hey. I don't mean to intrude.
I saw your car out front.
Hi, Sam.
Mm, afternoon, Mayor.
I've been meaning to follow up,
see if you made it
back out
onto the dating circuit.
Haven't quite mustered
the nerve.
You?
- Still working on it.
Ah, thank you.
You guys, I'm sorry to just
show up and drop this on you.
It's just that Sarah hasn't
been doing too well
ever since the accident,
and I'm afraid
Jordan isn't helping matters.
What did he do now?
It's more that alter egoof his.
I think maybe Jordan's
enjoying it a little too much.
Hey, O, looks like
you got a new customer.
Here for a trim, fish?
I cut my own hair.
Then what do you want?
Those.
Damn.
He wants your moneymakers.
I'm here
to make you an offer.
An offer from you?
Yeah, okay, billionaire.
- 10,000.
- 20,000.
I'm thinking 5.
5,000?
$5.
With the promise of more
opportunities to come.
You pay what I ask, fish.
And right now,
I'm asking 50,000.
$5, and I'll let you
keep your cell.
You can keep your teeth.
And maybe you can still walk.
You want these?
You should have taken my offer.
I'm just saying,
all I want is a fair shot.
Why does it matter
who my dad is, you know?
Maybe you're reading
a little too much into this.
It's a firehouse.
It's like any other team.
People talk trash,
they make fun of the new guy,
and I was part of that
until, suddenly,
Mr. Cushing started
treating me different.
And I think we both know why.
He just walked in the door.
Everything okay?
Yeah, everything's good.
It's great.
He's just mad 'cause
the guys at the firehouse
aren't allowed
to be mean to him.
No, I just want
to be one of them.
But you don't get to be normal
when your dad is Superman.
I'm sorry,
how is this my fault?
You know what, we can
talk about all of that later.
Right now, your dad and I need
to talk to Jordan, alone.
Am I in trouble?
My mask covers my face.
So what if someone sees me?
"So what?"
The "Daily Planet" won't stop
calling your grandad
about the Smallville Samaritan.
Okay, people talk
about Superman all the time.
Is it really
the end of the world
if I get
a little bit of credit?
It's not about credit.
I thought you knew
better than that.
I know
it's not all about credit.
Then why are you bragging
to your friends about it?
Wait, did Sarah say
something to Miss Lang?
Look, it doesn't matter
who said what.
Great, so now I'm in trouble
because my ex-girlfriend
can't handle reality.
You are in trouble because
you're not being responsible.
If you're not careful,
this could ruin your life.
That's a little dramatic.
Your behavior is
a massive red flag, young man.
All I said was that
whoever saved Sarah and Junior
did an awesome job,
because I did.
All right, enough.
We're done talking about it.
I thought you understood
the responsibility
that comes
with what you can do.
Obviously, I was wrong.
Until we say otherwise,
you're done.
No using your powers in public.
You need to hand in your suit.
Well, I got his suit.
How'd that go?
Ah, not well.
Yeah, he's pretty upset.
Well, maybe that'll change
once he sees this.
She posted it already?
I would have done
the same thing.
I did do the same thing,
actually, with you.
Okay, so we just have
to hope this dies down?
Clark, when my Superman
article was published,
it was the biggest story
in the world.
Yeah, but the DOD wasn't
actively trying to kill it.
DOD can't stop the internet.
I don't know, I'm just
worried this is all too soon.
So am I, but it was
gonna happen eventually.
I mean,
you're already training him.
Yeah, only because I thought
getting a taste
of what it felt like to help
people would be good for him,
but it doesn't seem like
that's why he wants to do it.
I mean, if he's bragging
to kids at school about it,
then all of this,
it's just about recognition.
So we have one son who wants
to be treated specially
and one who doesn't.
I think I can do something
about the latter.
Ah, thanks.
Well, hey, man.
I wasn't expecting
to see you here.
You want a quick tour,
see what Jon's been up to
these past few months?
Actually, I was wondering
if we could speak in private.
Uh, yeah, man. Sure.
Come on over.
Hey, man, look.
I hope this goes
without saying,
but whatever Superman needs,
all you gotta do is ask.
Oh, thanks.
That's sort of why I'm here.
I could really use a favor.
Yeah.
It'd be great if when
Jon's here working for you,
if you could forget who I am.
You want to run that
by me again?
I'm just wondering
if maybe you've been
treating him differently
because of me?
Jon said that?
Jon's the kind of kid
who wants to earn his own spot,
you know, be judged
on his efforts
and no one else's,
especially mine.
Yeah, point taken.
I'll--I'll handle it.
Thanks.
Lois and I really appreciate
what you're doing, Kyle.
Jon loves being here.
I'm just--
I'm happy I can help.
Right.
I'll let you get back to it.
Hi. You've reached Lana.
Leave a message.
Mom, where are you?
I'm gonna be late.
Finally.
I just have to pee
real quick.
What took you so long?
I had to stop by
the "Gazette."
Why were you
at the "Gazette"?
Because I had to speak
to Clark and Lois about Jordan.
- What?
- Honey, what he's doing
is dangerous, all right?
They've already published
an article about him
in the "Daily Planet."
Now he's gonna know I told you.
Yeah, well, I'm sorry,
but this is
way more important
than his feelings.
Yeah, and apparently mine.
Sarah.
Don't worry about driving me.
I'll walk.
Otis and his boy
sure did a number on you.
Maybe next time,
don't go making demands
your ass can't back up.
He has something I want.
You're gonna help me get it.
Well, if you've come here
to bribe me,
then I'm all ears.
I'm not gonna
pay you anything.
Then I think we're done here.
I'm here
to make you an offer.
Call this number.
What happens next is up to you,
but your time is running out.
That's my home number.
Dad. Dad, help me.
They're gonna kill me
if you don't do what he says.
Jeffrey, who's there?
Where's your mother?
- The men took her.
She was screaming,
but then it stopped.
Dad, please. I'm scared.
- Jeffrey, stay strong, son.
I'm gonna get--
Those men,
they'll wait five minutes.
Okay.
Now,
let me explain to you
how things are gonna work
around here.
Sorry it's come to this.
When I gave Jordan that suit,
I honestly thought
he was ready.
When he is,
he can have it back.
I'll keep it someplace safe
until then.
Hey, Janet?
You need to shut this down.
What?
No, of course
I didn't know that.
When?
Okay.
Okay, thanks for the heads up.
- What'd Jordan do now?
- This wasn't about him.
Turns out Luthor was released
from prison this morning.
Why the hell didn't that
warden give you the heads-up?
I don't know, but apparently
the press is already gathering
in front of LuthorCorp.
They're expecting him
to arrive any minute.
We should go.
Babe, I'm not gonna
fly you to Metropolis
in your condition.
- I agree.
Besides, you'd just be
giving Luthor what he wants:
a villain to his story.
Dad, I can't hide from this.
It was my story that helped
send Luthor to prison.
I have to face it
at some point.
Yeah, and you will,
just not today.
Let me know what happens.
I'm gonna go see what I can do
about this other
little problem.
- What the hell?
- Hey! Hey!
As promised.
Think I should
tell my men to stop?
No.
We're gonna be here awhile.
You wanted to speak to me?
Is everything okay?
I spoke to your dad
a bit ago.
He seemed to think
you're getting
special treatment from me.
Wait, what?
That's not what I said.
Look, no one's
in trouble here.
And maybe I did treat you
a little bit different
after everything I learned.
That's on me.
Just know from here on out,
that that won't happen again.
All right?
You have my word on that.
Okay, but I didn't say that.
But the thing is, see,
everything that happens here
is my responsibility.
Now, I understand
why you went to your dad.
I get that, but you should have
come to me first.
I promise, I didn't
go and tell him.
He heard me talking
and sort of just ran with it.
Okay, well, from my end,
I just think we need
to keep things in-house.
All right,
so you got a problem,
we'll handle it
right here at the station.
Copy?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Yeah, okay,
just keep me posted.
No sign of him yet.
Any word
from inside LuthorCorp?
Nothing, but Janet said
that people there seemed
surprised that he'd been
released this morning.
Why would he keep that
a secret?
Dramatic effect?
Build up the hype?
That's not really
his style, though.
Sit wherever you want.
Why'd you send your mom
to talk to my parents?
I didn't send her.
She just went.
Now I've been grounded
from, you know...
I'm sorry,
but that's not really my fault.
Kind of is, though.
Hey, I kept your secret, okay?
Could you try
and at least not make that
harder than it already is?
Sorry for saving your life.
Which I've tried thanking you
for multiple times,
but every time,
you get all weird about it.
And it's fine, whatever,
but maybe stop bragging
about Smallville's
new superhero.
I was sticking up for Junior.
You hate Junior.
You just couldn't resist
talking about
how awesome you are.
It wasn't like that.
All I know is, that accident
almost ruined my life.
And I'm trying
to make things better,
and it feels like
you're trying to drag me down.
Wow. All right.
You know, it's impressive how
you made this all about you.
It is about me. It's my life.
And you're not helping,
so can you just stay out of it?
That's a tornado warning.
Take cover in the basement.
Okay, everybody away
from the windows, now.
Come on, come on, come on.
Come on.
Get away from the windows.
Come on. Go, go, go, go, go.
Hey! Hey!
Get to the underpass
and lay down.
Go! Go!
Underneath!
Underneath and lay down!
Hurry, hurry!
Everybody down! Get down!
Get down low!
You shouldn't be here.
I can help you.
I don't need your help.
Go home, Jordan.
Guys, get away
from the window!
Go under the desk. Hurry.
Come on, let's move out!
Get down low!
Down! Get down!
Thank you!
Thank you. Can I get
a picture with you too?
It's damn near everywhere.
We may have stood a chance
before, but now with footage?
By morning,
the whole world's gonna know
you exist, kiddo.
You completely disobeyed me.
I was just trying to help.
I told you
I didn't need your help.
On top of that,
why didn't you just fly away?
You could have disappeared
before anyone realized
you were there.
- I don't know.
- You don't know?
You landed
right in front of them.
I saved their lives.
- That's--that's not the point!
- Yes, it is.
So after everything
we talked about,
after everything
we warned you would happen
if the world found out
you existed right now,
you what, you just forgot?
I didn't forget, mom.
I just didn't care.
Well, you better
start caring.
Why?
Because you're telling me to?
We are your parents.
So what?
All your rules,
hiding who I am,
telling me who I should be,
I can't do it anymore.
As long as you live
under this roof,
you will do what your mother
and I tell you to do.
- Whatever.
- Jordan!
Hey!
You go up to your room,
and you do not come out
until we tell you to.
And don't you ever
do that to me again.
You gotta rein him in.
He's not as careful
as you are, Clark.
People see him
around town enough,
track his flight paths,
someone's gonna put
two and two together.
Did you see it?
It was a tornado.
The whole town saw it.
I mean the footage
of who stopped it.
Look.
This proves I was right.
Yeah, I guess that looks
like the person you described.
You guess?
Why are you acting like this?
I know you saw him.
Sarah, this is the guy
who saved us, all right?
This is him.
Don't you get it?
- Get what?
It's the second time
he's shown up in Smallville,
which means
he probably lives here.
We might even know him.
Yeah?
Yo.
What's up?
Sick of all this crap
from Mom and Dad.
Yeah.
Nobody knows that
more than I do.
Whatever, at least they don't
treat you like a baby
all the time.
Oh, really?
Then why'd Dad have to talk
to Mr. Cushing
about how he was going easyon me?
Seriously?
Yeah, he thinks
I'm some Zoomer crybaby
that he can't trust anymore.
So you're not the only one.
Best of three?
- Sure.
Yo, I gotta say, seeing you
and Dad take on that tornado
looked pretty badass.
You saw that?
I had a decent view
from the firehouse.
What's the inside of a twister
look like, anyway?
If he's not gonna stop
using his powers,
we need to keep him busy
doing something else.
The more we push back,
the more he's gonna defy us.
He's just at that stage
right now.
Lex ever show up
at LuthorCorp?
Doesn't look like it.
Any idea where he went?
- He's here.
- What?
Like I said, I was gonna have
to face him at some point.
Guess now is
as good a time as any.
Been a long time.
I see you managed to keep
your release a secret.
Warden Ellis made
a few calls.
Helps having powerful friends.
Farm out in the country.
Not what I expected from you.
A lot's changed
since I went away.
You got pregnant,
had kids.
Twins are what, 16 now?
You and I are not
discussing my children.
What about your cancer?
Is that off-limits too?
My doctors are optimistic.
Funny how that worked.
You got sick,
and your cancer led you
to Bruno Mannheim's wife
and my acquittal.
I should be grateful.
For what part, exactly?
You should have listened
to me in the first place.
I always said I was innocent.
The evidence at the time
didn't support your story.
I guess times have changed.
What do you want?
You're gonna tell me
you're sorry.
Is that what you're here for?
An apology?
Okay.
I got it wrong, and I'm--
I was innocent!
17 years of my life, gone!
And you think I want words?
My daughter, she was 14.
Now she won't talk to me.
Do you think
your words can fix that?
- That's enough.
- Shut your mouth!
Your words are
what put me away.
What I want is to never have
to read your words again.
So what,
you're asking me to retire?
Not asking.
I'm telling you
what needs to happen.
How it happens,
I don't give a damn.
I was wrong
about what happened to Moxie.
But I wasn't wrong
about what you are.
It's easy to be brave
with Superman and the DOD
watching out for you.
You need to leave.
Now.
Well, looks like
my ride's here.
Don't ever come back.
Then you'd better retire.
Tell Superman he's next.
Right on time, Otis.
Sweep it up.
♪ Caressing,
bent up to the jug again ♪
♪ With sheaths and pills
invading all those stills ♪
♪ In a hovel of a bed,
I will scream in vain ♪
Any requests for the kitchen?
♪ Leave me with some pain ♪
Something not right?
♪ Went walking through ♪
♪ This city's neon lights ♪
♪ In fear of disguising
♪ My warping seething
pressure lines ♪
♪ Among confidant heirs,
intangible of price ♪
♪ Dark entries ♪
Just needed to adjust
my chair.
I'll have my usual.
Should be out in 20.
♪ Dark entries ♪
Did you find Dr. Hook?
And Orr was telling the truth
about what he was doing
for Mannheim?
The doctor confirmed it.
That thing down there,
it's alive.
I want to see it for myself.
Hey.
Sorry about earlier.
It doesn't matter
now that Superboy
is trending online.
I saw that.
You know, Junior came by
Vicky May's today
and basically called me a liar.
And for what,
so that Jordan could
feel like a hero
for half a second?
I know it's complicated,
but we agreed to keep
the Kents' secret.
I'm just so over it all.
Hey, if you could do anything
right now, what would it be?
- Get a tattoo?
- Yeah, no.
Something that's
actually possible.
Kind of want to dye my hair.
Sweetie, everywhere's closed
right now.
Then you do it.
Come on, you used to color
my hair all the time.
- That was years ago.
- So?
Kind of want to just put
this version of me in the past.
No more Jordan,
no more secrets.
Okay.
Let me go see what I got.
I'm obviously not
quitting the "Gazette."
Of course you're not.
Which means he's going
to come back here.
Jordan told me
what Luthor said.
You know,
you really shouldn't be
listening in on us.
No, except maybe when
someone is threatening
to kill our parents?
That's not
what he said, exactly.
Well, it sure sounded
like it.
Listen, we knew Luthor was
gonna be a problem
once he was released.
What's important now
is that we're ready for...
whatever he's planning.
Okay.
Any idea what that may be?
Bruno had ambition,
I'll give him that.
Be ready.
How do you want to approach?
Greg, move your head.